[OCPBUGS-18984]: Release note for changes to etcd backup trigger (#65835)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

The {cert-manager-operator} 1.11 is now generally available in {product-title} 4.14 as well as {product-title} 4.13 and {product-title} 4.12.

[discrete]
[id="ocp-4-14-triggered-updates-for-etcd-backups"]
=== Updates to z releases no longer require an etcd backup

> An earlier link:https://github.com/openshift/cluster-etcd-operator/pull/835[bug fix] introduced a backup trigger on every z release. However, the Cluster Version Operator (CVO) logic was not updated along with that bug fix, and as a result, the update process stopped until an etcd snapshot was taken. This behavior affected versions 4.10 and later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An earlier link:https://github.com/openshift/cluster-etcd-operator/pull/835[bug fix] introduced a backup trigger on every z release. However, the Cluster Version Operator (CVO) logic was not updated along with that bug fix, and as a result, the update process did not stop until an etcd snapshot was taken. This behavior affected versions 4.10 and later.
```

> 

Reviewer: > The backup trigger is no longer enabled, so you can now update to a z release without taking an etcd snapshot.

you can leave this out, the snapshot was taken by the operator automatically and it was opaque to the user.

> //lahinson - oct. 2023 - when I have more information about automated backups, should I mention that functionality here?

Reviewer: I think that could be a good place
